I am might Mouse 94 and this is wealth
Disney toy reviews Kemosabe
hey what's going on in Mouseketeers my
mouth sunny for with the cool video
review pick this guy up over at my
cartoon kingdom from Disney The Lone
Ranger I drink to you neck has won four
scale action figure Lone Ranger
just a quick look at the back there's a
picture of the lone ranger holding his
guns which he does come with and I'll
show that off just a little bit later on
so without further ado let's get neck as
a 1/4 scale actually figure of Lone
Ranger out of here and see what is all
about ok so here we have the Lone Ranger
open out of the box and it looks pretty
cool
so let's go over some of the movements
example his head can move all the way
around my dad's gonna show off their
movements his his shoulders can go up
and down he also has movements in the in
the bicep area in the in their wrists as
well so just note you can do this on
both sides if you if you so choose
here's movements in the in the upper
thigh and he has movements in the in the
knee area in both sides as well and just
a little movements in the in the foot
air you can move them just side to side
pretty much that's about it so he does
come with a couple of handguns his
trademark white hat as you can see we
put one gun in already because it's a
little tricky to do I will show you how
to put the other one in I'll stop it and
give you guys a closer look so you guys
can see how it's done ok so we're gonna
put the gun in his hand and there's a
space here between his fingers and his
thumb so what you do is you got a force
to the gun in through there like
literally force it in here you really
push it in there it can't be done I just
what you have them then you turn it so
that you get his fourth finger coming
through I guess that's
his index finger just coming through the
trigger and this one just stopped coming
around it's a kind of had to and I think
that is it can I have that later figure
down in order to do this though okay let
me just turn them around and do that
don't you stand them up it doesn't
matter much let's just fill them back a
little bit all right in his white hat
what didn't list meet I have a rubber
rubber material look cool so on the
inside of the year lone Ranger's jacket
as you can see he has gun holsters that
he can she holds gun so that's the I
thought that was pretty cool
okay so let's take a closer look at the
Lone Ranger and you guys can take up
some of the detailing on them
here's a quick headshot of the Lone
Ranger for you so you guys didn't see
how cool he looks so now let's still
comparison for the Lone Ranger here is
the lone ranger Psychic Tonto so this is
my mouse 34 with my bid review you have
just seen Disney's The Lone Ranger Necas
1/4 scale action figure Lone Ranger who
was that masked man well nobody will
ever know don't forget to comment rate
subscribe let's put the mouse stay tuned
for more reviews to come I wanna thank
everybody for watching as always guys
take care everybody hi-ho silver away